README.md, before:

# Discrete math project

This repo contains materials to help high school math teachers and
their students get started programming in Python and then applying
what they learn to explore topics in discrete math. We hope in the
future to extend this to other math topics.

We recommend the following sequence.

+ Python intro for HS math - part 1
+ Python intro for HS math - part 2
+ Markdown
+ Math formatting
+ Python intro for HS math - part 3
+ Introduction to NumPy
+ Samplings and permutations using NumPy

## Python intro for HS math - part 1

This Notebook covers the basics of Python - math operations,
variables, Booleans and logic, comments, a very quick introduction to
NumPy, strings, lists and sets. It also introduces the Jupter Notebook
environment that we'll be using throughout these lessons.

## Python intro for HS math - part 2

Picks up where we left off earlier and covers decision making, loops,
functions, modules and Python's help facility.

## Markdown

Jupyter Notebooks contain a mixture of executable code and markdown
cells. We've been using markdown all along, but without going into any
details. This Notebook covers markdown in more depth and describes
headers, italic and bold text, code syntax and escaping. This Notebook
and the one on math formatting are not specific to Python and make a
nice break after the programming topics.

## Math formatting

Extends the markdown syntax by showing how to incorporate math
formatting, such as subscripts and superscripts, square roots, math
symbols, integrals, sums, Greek letters and matrices.

## Python intro for HS math - part 3

This Notebook finishes the introduction to Python and covers material
that may not be needed immediately, but does round out knowledge of
the language. Topics include dictionaries (key-value pairs), tuples,
iterators, deep copies and shallow copies, maps, working with files
and the Python standard library.

## Introduction to NumPy

Covers the basics of the Python NumPy library, which provides support
arrays and a large collection of mathematical functions for working
with these arrays. Topics include the N-dimensional array type (ndarray), 
array creation, getting information on arrays, operating on arrays.

## Sampling and permutations

After learning about MumPy, we dive into some of the topics that will
be directly relevant to discrete math, with an emphasis on sampling
and permutations.

Commit message:

Reorganized structure of repo, sorting content into directories

README.md, after:

# Discrete math project

This repo contains materials to help high school math teachers and
their students get started programming in Python and then applying
what they learn to explore topics in discrete math. We hope in the
future to extend this to other math topics.

The content has been grouped into directories and we suggest starting
with the Introduction and working through the notebooks in
order. After covering the introductory materials, the other topics can
be taken in any order.

## Introduction

A series of notebooks that introduce the Python language, Jupyter
notebooks and markdown language. Also includes specialized topics,
such as combinations and permutations, that are fundamental to many
areas of discrete math.

## Cryptography reordering

Examples of cryptography techniques that are based on permuting,
scrambling or otherwise reordering letters.


## Python intro for HS math - part 1


## Python intro for HS math - part 2


## Markdown

Jupyter Notebooks contain a mixture of executable code and markdown
cells. We've been using markdown all along, but without going into any
details. This Notebook covers markdown in more depth and describes
headers, italic and bold text, code syntax and escaping. This Notebook
and the one on math formatting are not specific to Python and make a
nice break after the programming topics.

## Math formatting

o
## Python intro for HS math - part 3

This Notebook finishes the introduction to Python and covers material
that may not be needed immediately, but does round out knowledge of
the language. Topics include dictionaries (key-value pairs), tuples,
iterators, deep copies and shallow copies, maps, working with files
and the Python standard library.

## Introduction to NumPy

Covers the basics of the Python NumPy library, which provides support
arrays and a large collection of mathematical functions for working
with these arrays. Topics include the N-dimensional array type (ndarray), 
array creation, getting information on arrays, operating on arrays.

## Sampling and permutations

After learning about MumPy, we dive into some of the topics that will
be directly relevant to discrete math, with an emphasis on sampling
and permutations.
